cli: Allow build to skip building the image (#2570)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for relative Ansible roles and playbooks paths in the Ansible operator's file. ([#2273](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2273))
- Add Prometheus metrics support to Ansible-based operators. ([#2179](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2179))
- On `generate csv`, populate a CSV manifest’s `spec.icon`, `spec.keywords`, and `spec.mantainers` fields with empty values to better inform users how to add data. ([#2521](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2521))

> - When building, allow the image name to be omitted, skip building a container in those circumstances ([#2570](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2570))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Add new flag `--skip-image` to the command `operator-sdk build` to allow build the Dockerfile and to skip building a container image. ([#2570](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2570))
```
